# glitch-bot
A GAN model that takes images an input and returns pixel sorted (glitched) images as output.

We can say that this is pretty straight forward and we don't need a deep learning model for that. I agree. But I want to see if introducing deep learning into the rule based pixel sorting method results in any improvement or not.

## Dataset

As of now, there is no training dataset available on the internet (as far as my googling skills are concerned) which includes original images as input and glitched images as output. So there are two options that I have,
1. Write a scraper that scrapes the images from [r/pixelsorting](https://www.reddit.com/r/pixelsorting/) along with their source images (from the comments) and use those as training data.
2. Generate my own glitch dataset using [satyarth/pixelsort](https://github.com/satyarth/pixelsort) using the photos that I have captured so far

The first option may seem tempting, and it's the best one but it has some issues. The posts that people do on r/pixelsorting don't always have source in their comments so we may end up with a small dataset. The reason it's better than the second option is because the glitched images from the dataset generated by the first option will be generated by humans and so our model will be actually learning how humans apply glitches whereas in the images from the dataset generated by the second options will have random computer-generated glitches so it won't have any logic and we may end up with a model which is trying to imitate the inherent randomness in the glitching algorithms. However, as a starting point, the second option seems the best one since I still need to figure out how I would carry out the generation process using the first option (I need to learn how to do web scraping). 

## Miscellaneous

This repo serves as my notebook (what an irony) as I carry out various experiments to reach the end goal of creating a super intelligence that will generate glitched images. There is no timeline, I will try to work on this as much as I can. Look at changelog for recent updates (bear with me while I setup the release workflow, learning github actions to handle releases)

-Akash 
